Some thoughts about new features in new Gerrit version (temporary) put here
(because i haven't thought about any better place):

* Gerrit 2.8 ships 4 core plugins, that must be installed to be full
  functional. Particularly replication and download-cmmands plugin are vital.
  There are number of ways how those plugins can be installed. Unattended mode is
  supported with --batch and --install-plugin foo option. This option must be
  provided multiply time to install all core plugins.

* There are also optional plugins that may be considered to be deployed:
  ** avatar plugin: new change screen and side by side view have integrated
  avatar images (see upstream gerrit). It only works if one of avatar plugin
  is installed.
  ** work-in-progress plugin (gerrit core must be patched, though).
  ** monitoring plugin: based on javamelody.
  ** reviewer-by-blame plugin: it scan the diff with git blame command for
  changed lines in the change and add automagically reviewers who last time
  touched the changes lines in the change.
  ** reviewers plugin, where the reviewer can be hard coded into configuration
  (though i am thinking to add some dynamic configuration options how to add
  reviewers, i. e. per branch, per project, etc.) and add these reviewers
  automagically when the change is uploaded.

* Gerrit 2.8 removed deprecated SSH approve command. SSH review command must
  be used instead. If Zull still uses approve, it must be changed to
  review. If Jenkins trigger plugin is used, it must be changed there.

* New change screen implements now automatic refresh mode for open changes,
  that is activated per default and controlled per: `change.updateDelay`
  config property:

How often in seconds the web interface should poll for updates to the currently open change. The poller relies on the client’s browser cache to use If-Modified-Since and respect 304 Not Modified HTTP responses. This allows for fast polls, often under 8 milliseconds.

With a configured 30 second delay a server with 4900 active users will typically need to dedicate 1 CPU to the update check. 4900 users divided by an average delay of 30 seconds is 163 requests arriving per second. If requests are served at 6 ms response time, 1 CPU is necessary to keep up with the update request traffic. On a smaller user base of 500 active users, the default 30 second delay is only 17 requests per second and requires 10% CPU.

If 0 the update polling is disabled.

Default is 30 seconds.

* Since Gerrit 2.6 label configuration is moved from data base to
  project.config of All-Projects project.

* One of the very useful features in Gerrit 2.8 is the option to configure a
  label to be copied forward when a new patch set is uploaded that is a
  trivial rebase. This option is controlled by two configuration options:
  https://gerrit-review.googlesource.com/Documentation/config-labels.html#label_copyAllScoresOnTrivialRebase
  https://gerrit-review.googlesource.com/Documentation/config-labels.html#label_copyAllScoresIfNoCodeChange
  The latest option is activated when only commit message was changed. To
  activate them, project.config must be adjusted after the migration to gerrit
  2.8.

